gh-89083: Attaching RFC links in UUID docs (#135684)
python/cpython: Doc/library/uuid.rst

.. function:: uuid1(node=None, clock_seq=None)

   Generate a UUID from a host ID, sequence number, and the current time
   according to :rfc:`RFC 9562, §5.1 <9562#section-5.1>`.

   If *node* is not given, :func:`getnode` is used to obtain the hardware address.

>    If *clock_seq* is given, it is used as the sequence number; otherwise a random

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When *node* is not specified, :func:`getnode` is used to obtain the hardware
   address as a 48-bit positive integer. When a sequence number *clock_seq* is
   not specified, a pseudo-random 14-bit positive integer is generated.
```

Let's have the same formulation as in UUIDv6.

>    14-bit sequence number is chosen.

Reviewer: Remove this leftover "14-bit sequence number is chosen.".
